adding glossary terms (#15315)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/glossary/terms/span.md

---
title: span
---

> A logical unit of work in a distributed system for a given time period. Multiple spans construct a trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A span is a logical unit of work in a distributed system for a given period. Multiple spans construct a trace.
```
